RM-57798 Release over_react_codemod 1.3.0 (#51)
Workiva/over_react_codemod: CHANGELOG.md

## [1.3.0](https://github.com/Workiva/over_react_codemod/compare/1.2.0...1.3.0)

- Add a flag --no-partial-upgrades to Component2 codemod executable that will prevent partial component upgrades from occurring

- Fix a bug that could occur when parsing a pubsec version in `dependency_overrides` section.

## [1.2.0](https://github.com/Workiva/over_react_codemod/compare/1.1.0...1.2.0)

- Add `react16_upgrade` codemod

  - Fix compatibility issues common in react15 code
  - Update version upper bound of react and over_react in pubspec.yaml to
    allow for incoming react16 updates

- Add `component2_upgrade` codemod

>   - Migrates components to `UiComponent2` (coming in OverReact 3.1.0)

Reviewer: I know we usually spell the Library OverReact, but when referring to the package (like on line 13), don't we usually do lowercase with the dash thing?
```suggestion
  - Migrates components to `UiComponent2` (coming in over_react 3.1.0)
```

- Add `react16_dependency_override_update` codemod

>   - Adds dependency overrides to pubspec.yaml for testing wip branches of react16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Adds dependency overrides to pubspec.yaml for testing wip branches of React 16
```
